.TH RCCE 3  2010-02-04 "RCCE MANPAGE" "RCCE Library"
.SH NAME

RCCE_recv_test \- RCCE receive message 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <rcce.h>
.sp

.BI "int RCCE_recv_test(char *" privbuf ", size_t" size ",int" ID ",int * " test );
.sp
GORY version
.sp
.BI "int RCCE_recv(char *" privbuf ",volatile char * " combuf ",size_t " combufsize ",RCCE_FLAG * " ready ",RCCE_FLAG * " sent ",size_t " size ",int " ID );


.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR RCCE_recv_test() 
is the non-blocking version of RCCE_recv(). It returns immediately. It does not 
wait for the required message to actually arrive. If the message has arrived, it is stored in 
the proper location in private memory, and the variable test is set to one. If the 
message has not arrived, test is set to zero. 

.TP 10
.B privbuf
Starting address (private memory) of data to be received. 
.TP
.B size
Size of message in bytes. 
.TP
.B ID
Rank of target UE. 
.TP
.B test
Variable that indicates whether the receive was (1) or was not (0) successful.

.SH DESCRIPTION (GORY)
.BR RCCE_recv_test() 
is the non-blocking version of RCCE_recv(). It returns immediately. It does not 
wait for the required message to actually arrive. If it has, it is stored in the 
proper location in private memory and the variable test is set to one. 
If it hasn.t, test is set to zero. 


.TP
.B
privbuf
Starting address (private memory) of data to be received.
.TP
.B
combuf
Starting address of intermediate MPB memory through which data are transferred.
.TP
.B
combuf_size
Size in bytes of intermediate space in MPB used for this communication.
.TP
.B
ready
Flag variable that indicates whether the receiver is ready to receive message.
.TP
.B
sent
Flag variable that indicates that the message has been sent.
.TP
.B
size
Size of message in bytes.
.TP
.B
ID
Rank of target UE.
.TP
.B
test
Variable that indicates whether the receive was (1) or was not (0) successful.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon successful completion
.BR RCCE_recv_test()
returns
.BR RCCE_SUCCESS .

.SH ERRORS
Look in 
.BR rcce.h
for additional error codes.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
rcce.h(5)

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To be supplied.
