.TH RCCE 3  2010-02-04 "RCCE MANPAGE" "RCCE Library"

.SH NAME
RCCE_comm_split \- RCCE create communicator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <rcce.h>
.sp

.BI "int RCCE_comm_split(int(*" color ")int,void *), void* "aux ", RCCE_COMM*" comm );

.SH DESCRIPTION

.BR RCCE_comm_split()
creates a new communicator, comm, based on the
global communicator, RCCE_COMM_WORLD, the function color(), and
any custom data the programmer wants to furnish.

.PP
color() is called as  color(rank, aux) and returns an integer.
All UEs must call RCCE_comm_split() with identical arguments.

.PP
All UEs with the same return value for color() will be placed
in the same communication group. The UEs inside that group are
ranked in the order of their rank within the global communicator.

.PP
Note the differences between RCCE and MPI_Comm_split().
RCCE_comm_split() has

.IP * 2
No input communicator; the global communicator is assumed.
.IP * 
No key value, the global rank is assumed.
.IP * 
No color value, but a uniform function to compute the color, based on global rank and (possibly) other attributes.

.PP
The current version of RCCE does not provide the ability to 
delete RCCE communicators. However, if a communicator is 
no longer needed, it can safely be overwritten by a new invocation 
of RCCE_comm_split().

.TP
.B comm
The new communicator, based on the global communicator, RCCE_COMM_WORLD.
.TP
.B color
Function pointer to color().  All UEs with the same return value 
for color() will be placed in the same communication group. 
.TP
.B aux
Any custom data the programmer wants to furnish.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon successful completion
.BR RCCE_comm_split()
returns
.BR RCCE_SUCCESS .

.SH ERRORS
Look in
.BR rcce.h
for additional error codes.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
rcce.h(5)
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To be supplied.
















