.TH RCCE 3  2010-06-27 "RCCE MANPAGE" "RCCE Library"
.SH NAME

RCCE_iset_power \- initiates a discrete stepping of the power and frequency within the power domain of the calling UE 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <rcce.h>
.sp

.BI "int RCCE_iset_power(int " Fdiv ", RCCE_REQUEST * " request ",int * " Fdiv_new ",int * " Vlevel_new  );

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR RCCE_iset_power() 
is a non-blocking function that initiates a discrete stepping of the power and frequency within 
the power domain of the calling UE.   It only initiates a change in the power and the frequency 
when called by the master of the power domain.  For other UEs in the power domain, the function 
returns RCCE_SUCCESS immediately without issuing any power management commands.   

The input to the function specifies the desired tile frequency divider (an integer ranging 
from 2 to 16).  The function will determine the lowest voltage level that is consistent with 
the input value of the frequency divider and initiate the voltage change. Output values define 
the actual settings for the frequency divisor and the voltage level.   

RCCE_iset_power() returns a request that is used in a call to RCCE_wait_power() to block the 
issuing core until the target power level has been reached. There can only be a single power 
change request in flight at any one time for each power domain. Additional requests are 
denied, and the function returns an error code.

.TP
.B Fdiv
The requested value for the frequency divisor
.TP
.B request
Request identifier.
.TP
.B Fdiv_new
The tile frequency divisor that will be active once the voltage change is complete.
.TP
.B Vlevel_new
The voltage level (0 to 7) once the voltage change is complete. In volts, this equals (0.6 + Vlevel_new* 0.1).


.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon successful completion
.BR RCCE_iset_power()
returns
.BR RCCE_SUCCESS .

.SH ERRORS
Look in 
.BR rcce.h
for additional error codes.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
rcce.h(5)

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
To be supplied.
